You bargain
What qualifications do you have to compare with my son?
My son is an Olympic champion.
And noble blood
And you're just a hillbilly woman
What do you compare to my son?
You are countless compared to my son alone
My son, what do you want?
What do I want?
Since it is a comparison
Of course you have to add some lottery
If you lose
You take off that plaque
Kneeling in front of my son
Why bother to admit your mistake
And admit that you Zhaojiacun are all garbage
How about Sun didn't let it go?
You are also a building person
How can you say that?
shut up
Since the Mid-Autumn Festival ten years ago
I'm no longer a building man
It was Prince Takahashi
Is a Fuso
I'm not from the same world as you.
You are trash, trash
And I'm the mother of an Olympic champion.
Stop talking nonsense
Just say dare to gamble
What if I win?